
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Work contains Broadcom copyrighted materials, and Your use of them is
governed by the Broadcom Switch APIs license. The Broadcom Switch APIs license
supersedes any permission granted by the License and establish additional
limitations. Your use of the Work is conditioned on Your acceptance of and
compliance with the License and the Broadcom Switch APIs license.

Broadcom Switch APIs license

By accessing the Broadcom Switch API and header code ("Code") you as an
individual ("You") are agreeing that You will be bound by and are becoming
aparty to this agreement ("Agreement"). If the licensee hereof is an entity
(including its affiliates) ("Company") such as a company, and an individual is
entering into this Agreement on the Company's behalf, then the Company will be
bound by this Agreement when that individual accesses the Code. When s/he does
so, it will also constitute a representation by the individual that s/he is
authorized to bind the Company as a party to this Agreement. As relevant, You
and Company are respectively "Licensee" under the terms of this Agreement. For
good and valuation consideration, the sufficiency of which Licenseeand Broadcom
agree and acknowledge, Licensee and Broadcom agree as follows: BY INSTALLING,
COPYING, DOWNLOADING OR OTHERWISE USING THE CODE: (I) LICENSEE AGREES TO BE
BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND (II) YOU WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE
AUTHORITY TO BIND YOUR COMPANY TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF LICENSEE DOES
NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, LICENSEE MUST NOT INSTALL, COPY,
DOWNLOAD OR USE THE CODE.

Grant of License Conditioned on Licensee's compliance with this Agreement and
subject to the conditions and limitations set forth below, Broadcom hereby
grants Licensee a limited, personal, non-exclusive, revocable, nontransferable
license to (i) internally evaluate, use, and reproduce the Code solely for the
purpose of developing and using Licensee's applications and (ii) externally
distribute Licensee's applications (which may include the versions of the Code
as provided by Broadcom on the OpenNSA Github) that directly access or use a
Broadcom switch integrated circuit. All rights not expressly granted herein are
reserved by Broadcom.

License Limitations - Licensee will not: a. Sell, rent, lease, distribute,
sublicense, assign, or otherwise transfer (including by loan or gift) the Code,
or any full or partial copies thereof, unless as otherwise permitted by this
Agreement; b. Disassemble, reverse engineer, decompile, or attempt to ascertain
the underlying technology of the Broadcom code beneath the Code; c. Remove any
trademark, copyright notice or licensing information contained in the Code; or
d. Attempt to do any of the items in the subsections a., b. or c. above.

Ownership Broadcom is the owner of all the intellectual property rights in the
Code.

No Support Broadcom is not obligated to provide technical support and/or updates
for the Code.

Disclaimer of Warranties BROADCOM PROVIDES THE CODE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS,
AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY (IF ANY) IMPLIED
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY
QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, LACK OF VIRUSES, ACCURACY OR
COMPLETENESS OF RESPONSES, RESULTS, AND LACK OF NEGLIGENCE OR LACK OF
WORKMANLIKE EFFORT. THERE IS NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE,
QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUIET POSSESSION, CORRESPONDENCE TO DESCRIPTION, OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE CODE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY OF
THE CODE, ITS USE OR PERFORMANCE, REMAINS WITH LICENSEE. IN NO EVENT WILL
BROADCOM BE LIABLE, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, IN NEGLIGENCE OR ON ANY
OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE
WHATSOEVER, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO LICENSEE'S USE OF OR
INABILITY TO USE THE CODE, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE CODE SUPPORT,
OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF BROADCOM HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. IN NO EVENT WILL
BROADCOM'S LIABILITY UNDER ANY THEORY EXCEED ONE-HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS ($100.00).
THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS ITS ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE. Indemnification Licensee shall hold Broadcom and its corporate
affiliates harmless from any claim or suit that alleges that modifications made
by Licensee of the Code infringes or misappropriates any third-party
intellectual property rights. Broadcom provides no indemnification whatsoever to
Licensee under any theory under this Agreement. Term The term of this Agreement
will commence on the occurrence of the first of Licensee's accessing, copying,
or using the Code and will continue until the license is terminated. This
Agreement immediately terminates on Licensee's breach of this Agreement.
Governing Law This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of California and the United States, without regard
to or application of provisions relating to conflicts of law or to the U.N.
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, which is expressly
excluded. Licensee and Broadcom consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction
and venue vesting in the federal and state courts sitting in Santa Clara County,
California and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum
non-convenience.

Entire Agreement This Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive Agreement
between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes in
their entirety any and all written or oral Agreements previously existing
between the parties with respect to such subject matter. For purposes of
construction, this Agreement will be deemed to have been drafted by both
parties.

Waiver and Modifications No failure of Broadcom to exercise or enforce any of
its rights under this Agreement will act as a waiver of such rights.

Survival Upon the termination of this Agreement, all the provisions of this
Agreement shall survive except only those immediately under the headings of
"Grant of License" and "Term" above.

Marks All product and service names, slogans and logos are trademarks, service
marks, or trade names ("Marks") of Broadcom. The use of any of Broadcom Marks
without Broadcom express written consent is strictly prohibited. Licensee's
access to this web site shall not be construed as granting, by implication,
estopppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Marks appearing on the
web site without the prior written consent of Broadcom or the third party that
owns the Mark.

Miscellaneous This Agreement shall constitute the final, binding and entire
agreement of the parties, and supersedes all prior agreements or representations
oral or written regarding the subject matter hereof. The failure of either party
to exercise any of its rights will not constitute a waiver of such rights unless
expressly agreed in writing. Licensee may not assign its rights or delegate its
obligations under this Agreement. In the event any provision of this Agreement
is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the valid or enforceable portion thereof
and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and
effect. Licensee and Broadcom are independent contractors and nothing contained
in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed as creating a relationship
of principal and agent, employer and employee, or joint venture between the
parties. Licensee is not an agent of Broadcom for any purpose and has no power
or authority, whether apparent, actual, ostensible, or otherwise to bind or
commit Broadcom to any obligations in any way. The official language of this
Agreement is English.
